c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\bin\Debug\HammingCode.exe.config
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\bin\Debug\HammingCode.exe
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\bin\Debug\HammingCode.pdb
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode.g.resources
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode.exe
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode.pdb
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\CoderPage.baml
c:\users\даниил\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\CoderPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\HammingCode_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\DecoderPage.baml
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\DecoderPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\AboutPage.baml
C:\Users\Даниил\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HammingCode\HammingCode\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.cs
